Apply CLI clean changes to correct list (#6011)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/6011.fix.md

> Fix a VIP bug causing remote re-invocation to fail if workflow id
> is set explicitly.

Reviewer: Safer to use 1 line (unless adding bullet points) in towncrier fragments
```suggestion
Fixed a `cylc vip` bug causing remote re-invocation to fail if using `--workflow-name` option.
```
